For all courses, constant review of new knowledges would be helpful and efficient.
New concepts can be easily forgotten or misunderstand, but timely review can
keep them fresh. It may took 1 or 2 hours to review new knowledge every night,
but it will make the knowledge concise and organized in the long term.
ECE345: This course has a group homework: group of 2 or 3 people solving
together around 7 problems. There will be task assigned for each person. But it
would be good practice to at least understand the procedure of every homework
problem, not just only my share of problem.
ECE344: Lab is a big part of the course. It tests understanding of course materials
taught in class. Each lab is posted 2 weeks before deadline. It is important not to
wait until the last second. So I am planning to read the lab handout as soon as it
gets posted. Even if I do not have time to do it right away, I still have a impression
about what I need to do in 2 weeks so that I can assign reasonable time for the task.
ECE302: This is basically a Math class. Generally, for all Math classes, the most
efficient way to study is learning by practice. Before weekly assignments/quizzes, I
would solve all the assigned problems, and it should not take long, one hour break
between classes should be enough.
ECE311: This course is a combination of Dynamics, Circuit and ODEs. Same as
ECE302, the more practice I have done, the more techniques I would acquire.
There are several assigned problems about every two weeks. Although it is not
marked for correctness, I will try to get the right answer of each problem.
ECE361: This course teaches plenty of protocols, which involves a number of
concept to remember. I think the way to success is to constantly review lecture
notes, and read relative pages on textbook. Also, asking peers to check my
understanding would provided reflection of my learning quality.
APS100: Follow the schedule of assignment. Get involved in the course activity.
Communicating with peers to see if they have better strategies of learning.
